Objective: We want the target customer to understand that storing their blood sample with Discovery lab will provide them a reference for the future that will help them manage the risk better against certain illnesses (e.g. cancer) in the future

Accepted customer belief: We have risk of being affected by some diseases like cancer in the future, that are impossible to prevent, or plan for in the present

Benefit: Such unknown high risks can be managed better with Discovery labs:

Reason to believe (RTB):  Our storage service provides you references of your DNA that can be used by doctors to estimate your genetic risks better and also provide you better treatment

New beliefs: (ref: https://alcor.org/Library/html/sellingcryonics.html)
1. The future will be a really cool place to hang out, instead of a science fiction post-nuclear holocaust nightmare with rap music,

2. Future medicine will be able to take care of current diseases and injuries (no cancer, AIDS, heart disease, airplane fatalities, or bad breath),

3. Aging will be reversible and preventable in less than a century (no balding starship captains)

Ideas:
1) Marketing message on website for first 100 target customers (Storyline below)
2) Provide some customers free service in exchange for testimonials
3) Once we have ~50 customers, get company licence and start the next phase of advertising using PR (radio, podcast and events/ conferences)
4) Radio talk show hosts and podcasts will be especially excited to talk with us.
5) We have written several times about the media interviews we have done this year, frankly more than we thought possible. DNA is attractive to the press and television. The DNA extraction lab room and the Storage are impressive pieces of reality to the press, and the human touch is here, too. Photographs and testimonies of our first patients are on our website, testimony to the very personal reasons why we do this job. And the media like us because we are committed to a cause, intelligent, good speakers, and because the entire idea is so different -- hubristic and outlandish, but optimistic

**Storyline**: 
Facebook and other cheap marketing channels:  Most people believe that it is impossible to predict or prevent many diseases that appear in old age.  You may be a happy young person with a healthy lifestyle, loving family, who exercises regularly and eats well.  You still cannot plan againt the risk of being affected by cancer, heart diseases, autoimmune diseases as you grow older. However, all this is changing for the better, thanks to genetic science... <Come to our website to find out more>

We are seeing the dawn of a new era of possibilities unfold on planet earth.  We are experiencing gigantic leaps and science technology genetics and precision medicine.  These incredible scientific and medical advances are unfolding every day right before our eyes.  What is more amazing is that in 10 or 20 years from now, the science of genetics could potentially make dreaded deseases like cancer a thing of the past.  We believe that genetic technology will dramatically change treatments for complex conditions like cancer and autoimmune diseases, just like antobiotics and pharmaceuticals cured polio and tuberculosis and other dreaded diseases of the past.  We are filled with hope for the bright future of genetics, and want to invite with foresight and a sense of adventure to join us in our journey of creating a better future for all of us.  Click here for more details

When technology advances in the future, you will need samples of your DNA from today to get better analysis and undertanding of your genetic and epigentic history.  With Discovery Labs Premium DNA Storage, we will store samples of your DNA for the rest of your life.  These samples will form an invaluable record that help doctors in the future to you predict your risk of disease, as well as treat your diseases better. So, try our basic package.  Store your DNA for the next five years for just NTD 7500. <Click here button>

If you would like to speak with us for a free consultation on the benefits of DNA storage, please call <0800 number redirecting to Jerry>
